Fallback for _execute_browser_action (#34091)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/127/index.md

- {{WebExtAPIRef("management.ExtensionInfo")}} now returns the `install_type` of `"admin"` when an add-on is installed using an enterprise policy ([Firefox bug 1895341](https://bugzil.la/1895341)).
- Addition of a `filter` parameter to {{WebExtAPIRef("declarativeNetRequest.getDynamicRules")}} and {{WebExtAPIRef("declarativeNetRequest.getSessionRules")}}, which enables the list of returned rules to be filtered by ID ([Firefox bug 1820870](https://bugzil.la/1820870)).

> - For Manifest V3 extensions, user-defined shortcuts for the special shortcut [`_execute_browser_action`](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/manifest.json/commands#special_shortcuts) are used to specify the shortcuts to the browser action if there are no user-defined shortcuts for `_execute_action`. This enables extensions migrating to Manifest V3 to preserve any user defined shortcuts for the browser action ([Firefox bug 1797811](https://bugzil.la/1797811)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For Manifest V3 extensions, fall back to the user-defined shortcuts for the special [`_execute_browser_action`](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/manifest.json/commands#special_shortcuts) command if there are no user-defined shortcuts for `_execute_action`. This enables extensions migrating from Manifest Version 2 to Manifest V3 to preserve any user defined shortcuts for the browser action ([Firefox bug 1797811](https://bugzil.la/1797811)).
```
